
make a spreadsheet of companies

make a list of industries you would like to work in 
  education
  travel education
  dev shop
  real estate
  accomidation
  fintech

make a list of priorities
  100k
  diversity
  life work balance 
  B2C?
  

angel list filter by industry
filter by company size
look up the companies on linkedIn
  research the related companies


go to glassdoor and look at the reviews of the companies
20-30 companies that you really want to work at
got to linkedin and look for director of engeneering or vp of engeneering
  use rocketreach.co to find the email addresses of the people in the company

write an email/cover letter for the specific company
  tell exactly how you can add value 

    find out what the problems are for the company
      tell them how you can solve their problems

      1. your narative
          what you did in the past
          how you did it
          why you did it

          a good narative is exciting to read and concise (20 sentences)
            write down what you did for each quarter for the last 8 years including personal life (then minimize it to 20 sentences)

      2. why you like the industry
          what excites you about the industry (2-3) sentences

      3. what excites you about the company
          What the company does.
          Their top 3 products.
          How you can add value.
          Who is the hiring manager? Get their email.


            You’re really interested in their product because you made a similar one yourself.
              This way you’re already familiar with the industry and the product’s use case.
            You have worked with the same technologies as the company, can relate to the hardships they face, and know how to help them.


Start with a sentence on how you found the company.
In the next one or two sentences say why you’re excited about the company and industry.
Then write how can you relate to the company and the industry. Tie in your narrative here.
Close with how you can add value.

At the end of the message, say that you would love to see if there is a fit between the company and you. And ask if they’re open for a phone conversation.
Is there a good time to talk this week? I know you must be really busy, so I will follow up in a week in case you miss my email.

Identify the local causes, organizations, and meetups that the company supports.
